[Music]
flights manage on my own because Mason
didn't get his own I asked to be first
to go to the US and time just I
completely forgot but I had mine last
year
I don't know what we're going to do and
then flights are literally and about
that two grand
it can be from two hours this is like
two weeks to get approval I'm so
stressed it's really weird because
a flight with 11 a level of such Antunez
obviously if I if I stayed with me and
would have to pay for like two fights
rather than just the one no way
the tree
I can't believe that finally go
[Music]
[Applause]
just serve time that guy is a social
religion recently
[Music]
it's Macchio we just changed on the
beach
[Applause]
[Music]
Ocean Drive just come to this place on
oceans art and look at these Wow
[Music]
the biggest burger for the next year
headlights just been taking some
pictures out on this walkway and then
we're gonna head try and get down to
like the other end as well
and I think it's mainly like restaurants
and stuff along here I've seen so many
BBS like great things simply for videos
and mesmerized
[Music]
this is way nicer they definitely have
this hotel or restaurant bollocks more
real nice just ordered that you but I'm
so grateful for either when it's like
traveling about it's just so easy and
quick we just got even please listen
oh my god
Bobby Dean for we're gonna check in over
yeah after walking probably just by
myself need
so I got some chili cauliflower cheese
broccoli and chicken what did you get
Cuban lady